Add a page on using fonts in Godot (#5194)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/ui/gui_using_fonts.rst

.. _doc_gui_using_fonts:

Using Fonts
===========

Godot allows you to set specific fonts for different UI nodes.

> There are 3 places you can setup font usage. The first is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three different places where you can setup font usage. The first is the
```

theme editor. Choose the node you want to set the font for
and select the font tab. The second is in the inspector for
control nodes under **Theme Overrides > Fonts**. And lastly in
the inspector settings for themes under **Default Font**.

Regardless of where you are creating the font the process is
the same. Click on the font setting you want to add a font to
and a dropdown will appear with two choices: **New Bitmap Font**
and **New Dynamic Font**.

.. image:: img/new_font.png

> Bitmap fonts (``.fnt``) are a format created by `BMFont <http://www.angelcode.com/products/bmfont/h>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bitmap fonts (``.fnt``) are a format created by `BMFont <http://www.angelcode.com/products/bmfont/>`__ (many BMFont compatible programs exist, like `BMGlyph <http://www.bmglyph.com/>`__).
```

> If you are using a ``.fnt`` file do not select New Bitmap
> Font. Instead, drag the file from the file system panel to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a ``.fnt`` file do not select **New Bitmap
Font**. Instead, drag the file from the file system panel to the
```

font slot. Selecting the font after adding it to the font slot

> gives you 3 settings that can be changed: height, ascent and
> distance field. Distance field fonts were never reimplemented
> for Godot 3.0 and do not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gives you three settings that can be changed: **height**, **ascent** and
**distance field**. Distance field fonts were never reimplemented
for Godot 3 and do not work in that version.
```
